README.md, before:

# Dashboard Vite Template

This is a dashboard template built with React and Vite. It provides a modern and responsive user interface for building web applications. It includes:

- Forms with all shapes
- Sider
- Navbar
- Data tables
- Filters
- Graphs
- Search
- Uploads
- Translation using i18n
- Auth/main stacks
- An overall ready-for-integration template with an atomic design system.

## Features

- **React**: A JavaScript library for building user interfaces.
- **Vite**: A fast build tool and development server.
- **TypeScript**: A strongly typed programming language that builds on JavaScript.
- **Redux Toolkit**: A toolset for efficient Redux development.
- **RTK Query**: Powerful data fetching and caching tool.
- **React Toastify**: Easy-to-use toast notifications.
- **React-i18next**: Internationalization for React.
- **Day.js**: A lightweight JavaScript date library.
- **Ant Design (Antd)**: A popular React UI framework.
- **React Hook Form**: Performant, flexible, and extensible forms with easy-to-use validation.
- **Atomic Design System**: A methodology for creating design systems.
- **Reusable Components**: Modular and reusable components for easy customization.
- **State Management**: Integrated state management using React hooks or context.

## Installation

To get started with this project, follow these steps:

1. Install the Template:
   ```bash
   npx create-nova-vite-template
   ```
2. Navigate to the project directory:
   ```bash
   cd <project-name>
   ```
3. Install the dependencies:
   ```bash
   npm install
   ```

## Usage

To start the development server, run:

```bash
npm run dev
```

To build the project for production, run:

```bash
npm run build
```

To preview the production build, run:

```bash
npm run
```

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License.

Commit message:

update README to include optional Husky and ESLint features

README.md, after:

# Dashboard Vite Template

This is a dashboard template built with React and Vite. It provides a modern and responsive user interface for building web applications. It includes:

- Forms with all shapes
- Sider
- Navbar
- Data tables
- Filters
- Graphs
- Search
- Uploads
- Translation using i18n
- Auth/main stacks
- An overall ready-for-integration template with an atomic design system.

## Features

- **React**: A JavaScript library for building user interfaces.
- **Vite**: A fast build tool and development server.
- **TypeScript**: A strongly typed programming language that builds on JavaScript.
- **Redux Toolkit**: A toolset for efficient Redux development.
- **RTK Query**: Powerful data fetching and caching tool.
- **React Toastify**: Easy-to-use toast notifications.
- **React-i18next**: Internationalization for React.
- **Day.js**: A lightweight JavaScript date library.
- **Ant Design (Antd)**: A popular React UI framework.
- **React Hook Form**: Performant, flexible, and extensible forms with easy-to-use validation.
- **Atomic Design System**: A methodology for creating design systems.
- **Reusable Components**: Modular and reusable components for easy customization.
- **State Management**: Integrated state management using React hooks or context.
- **Husky** (optional): Git hooks made easy.
- **ESLint** (optional): A tool for identifying and fixing problems in JavaScript code.

## Installation

To get started with this project, follow these steps:

1. Install the Template:
   ```bash
   npx create-nova-vite-template
   ```
2. Navigate to the project directory:
   ```bash
   cd <project-name>
   ```
3. Install the dependencies:
   ```bash
   npm install
   ```

## Usage

To start the development server, run:

```bash
npm run dev
```

To build the project for production, run:

```bash
npm run build
```

To preview the production build, run:

```bash
npm run
```

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License.
